[DBM] Instruct customers to disable track utility (#18546)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_postgres/azure.md

| `track_activity_query_size` | `4096` | Required for collection of larger queries. Increases the size of SQL text in `pg_stat_activity` and `pg_stat_statements`. If left at the default value, queries longer than `1024` characters are not collected. |
| `pg_stat_statements.track` | `ALL` | Optional. Enables tracking of statements within stored procedures and functions. |
| `pg_stat_statements.max` | `10000` | Optional. Increases the number of normalized queries tracked in `pg_stat_statements`. This setting is recommended for high-volume databases that see many different types of queries from many different clients. |

> | `pg_stat_statements.track_utility` | `0` | Optional. Disables utility commands like PREPARE and EXPLAIN. Setting this value to `0` will mean only queries like SELECT, UPDATE, and DELETE are tracked. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pg_stat_statements.track_utility` | `0` | Optional. Disables utility commands like PREPARE and EXPLAIN. Setting this value to `0` means only queries like SELECT, UPDATE, and DELETE are tracked. |
```

| `track_activity_query_size` | `4096` | Required for collection of larger queries. Increases the size of SQL text in `pg_stat_activity` and `pg_stat_statements`. If left at the default value, queries longer than `1024` characters are not collected. |
| `pg_stat_statements.track` | `ALL` | Optional. Enables tracking of statements within stored procedures and functions. |
| `pg_stat_statements.max` | `10000` | Optional. Increases the number of normalized queries tracked in `pg_stat_statements`. This setting is recommended for high-volume databases that see many different types of queries from many different clients. |

> | `pg_stat_statements.track_utility` | `0` | Optional. Disables utility commands like PREPARE and EXPLAIN. Setting this value to `0` will mean only queries like SELECT, UPDATE, and DELETE are tracked. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pg_stat_statements.track_utility` | `0` | Optional. Disables utility commands like PREPARE and EXPLAIN. Setting this value to `0` means only queries like SELECT, UPDATE, and DELETE are tracked. |
```
